When the government threatened to halve the amount of “'livestock” in 2019, farmers responded by blockading highways, making burning barricades, storming the house of a minister, and otherwise coming together with thousands of people. Our opponents are working together to accomplish their goals.

The animal rights and liberation movement, on the other hand, seems to be comprised of a lot of separate groups and individuals working to accomplish similar goals. In organising this event we hope to bring these groups and individuals together to create a wider and more connected movement in the Netherlands. We believe we can be stronger and more effective as a movement if we work together and support each other's actions and struggles.

The Animal Liberation Summit is an event for animal activists. You will meet likeminded people and get to know each other outside of actions. There will be opportunities to learn new skills and get to know groups, and to discuss around topics we find important. Various existing groups will present their campaigns and actions. There will be workshops, stands, and vegan food. For more information on the program, please refer to program.

We want to create a space in which people of color, queer people, women, and other marginalised groups feel welcome. Our goal is not only for the movement to be as wide as possible, but also to resist all types of oppression. We oppose the oppression of both human and non-human animals. During the event, we want to minimize our oppressive behavior as much as possible.
